Extension of documentation (#531)
awslabs/syne-tune: docs/source/tutorials/developer/wrap_code.rst

   of finite size, and uses the random generator seeded in a consistent and
   reproducible way.

>    We also recommend to implement the ``restrict_configurations`` argument,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We also recommend that you implement the ``restrict_configurations`` argument,
```
